
#Notes about flex.
flex direction default is horizontal on x axis , from left to right
Y axis from Top to bottom
default flex direction is row.
use flex-direction:column; to keep them stacked vertically.
flex-direction:row-reverse; to keep them stacked vertically from right to left.
flex-direction:column-reverse; to keep them stacked vertically from bottom to top.
flex-direction:row; to keep them stacked horizontally from left to right.
flex-direction:column; to keep them stacked vertically from top to bottom.


#Position item in the main axis using justify-content prop.
justify-content will postion items in a row with equal space.
justify-content:flex-start; will position items in a row from left to right.
justify-content:space-between; will position items in a row with equal space between them.
justify-content:space-around; will position items in a row with equal space around them.
justify-content:space-evenly; will position items in a row with equal space between them.
justify-content:flex-end; will position items in a row from right to left.
justify-content:center; will position items in a row from center.
justify-content:stretch; will position items in a row from center and stretch them to fill the available
space.
justify-content:space-between; will position items in a row from center and stretch them to fill the
available space.

#Margins
margin:auto; will keep equal margin from all sides
margin:0 auto; will keep equal margin from left and right and 0 margin from top and
bottom.
margin:auto 0 will keep equal 0 margin from left and right and auto margin from top and
bottom.
margin:0 auto 0
margin:0 auto 0 auto

To taget an itemś margin , give it a class name
.name{
   margin:0 auto; for instance

}
flex-start: align items to the start of the main axis
flex-end: align items to the end of the main axis
center: align items to the center of the main axis
baseline: align items to the baseline of the main axis
stretch: stretch items to fill the main axis


#Position item in the cross axis
flex-start: align items to the start of the cross axis
flex-end: align items to the end of the cross axis
center: align items to the center of the cross axis
baseline: align items to the baseline of the cross axis
stretch: stretch items to fill the cross axis
flex-grow: 1; to make the item grow to fill the available space
flex-shrink: 1; to make the item shrink to fit the available space
flex-basis: 0; to make the item take up no space.
flex: 1 1 0; to make the item grow to fill the available space and shrink to fit the available space
flex: 0 1 auto; to make the item take up no space and shrink to fit the available space
flex: 1 0 auto; to make the item grow to fill the available space and take up no space
flex: 0 0 auto; to make the item take up no space and take up no space.
flex: 1 1 auto; to make the item grow to fill the available space and shrink to fit the available space
flex: 0 1 auto; to make the item take up no space and shrink to fit the available space
flex: 1 0 auto; to make the item grow to fill the available space and take up no space


flex-direction:row-reverse;
flex-direction:column-reverse;
flex-direction:row;
flex-direction:column;

